Improve phrasing and styling in some sections of README.md (#469)
software-mansion/react-native-executorch: README.md

![Software Mansion banner](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fa2c4735-e75c-4cc1-970d-88905d95e3a4)

> **React Native ExecuTorch** provides a declarative way to run AI models directly on devices using React Native, powered by **ExecuTorch** :rocket:. It supports out-of-the-box a wide range of LLMs, computer vision models, and more. Visit our [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/software-mansion) page to explore these models.

Author: Ok, I'll take the second option. Originally, I wanted to shorten that, "offer support" means "supports". But the actual problem here is that "out-of-the-box support" is a strong collocation and should be prefered here.

> **React Native ExecuTorch** provides a declarative way to run AI models directly on devices using React Native, powered by **ExecuTorch** :rocket:. It supports out-of-the-box a wide range of LLMs, computer vision models, and more. Visit our [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/software-mansion) page to explore these models.

Author: I'll use on-device

> **React Native ExecuTorch** provides a declarative way to run AI models directly on devices using React Native, powered by **ExecuTorch** :rocket:. It supports out-of-the-box a wide range of LLMs, computer vision models, and more. Visit our [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/software-mansion) page to explore these models.

Author: ```suggestion
**React Native ExecuTorch** provides a declarative way to run AI models on-device using React Native, powered by **ExecuTorch** :rocket:. It supports out-of-the-box a wide range of LLMs, computer vision models, and more. Visit our [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/software-mansion) page to explore these models.
```

> **React Native ExecuTorch** provides a declarative way to run AI models directly on devices using React Native, powered by **ExecuTorch** :rocket:. It supports out-of-the-box a wide range of LLMs, computer vision models, and more. Visit our [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/software-mansion) page to explore these models.

Author: ```suggestion
**React Native ExecuTorch** provides a declarative way to run AI models directly on devices using React Native, powered by **ExecuTorch** :rocket:. It offers out-of-the-box support for a wide range of LLMs, computer vision models, and more. Visit our [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/software-mansion) page to explore these models.
```

> **React Native ExecuTorch** provides a declarative way to run AI models directly on devices using React Native, powered by **ExecuTorch** :rocket:. It offers out-of-the-box support for a wide range of LLMs, computer vision models, and more. Visit our [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/software-mansion) page to explore these models.

Author: ```suggestion
**React Native ExecuTorch** provides a declarative way to run AI models on-device using React Native, powered by **ExecuTorch** :rocket:. It offers out-of-the-box support for a wide range of LLMs, computer vision models, and more. Visit our [HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/software-mansion) page to explore these models.
```

**ExecuTorch**, developed by Meta, is a novel framework allowing AI model execution on devices like mobile phones or microcontrollers.

> React Native ExecuTorch connects React Native with native capabilities, enabling developers to run local AI models on mobile devices efficiently, without needing extensive expertise in native programming or machine learning basics.

Author: ```suggestion
React Native ExecuTorch bridges the gap between React Native and native platform capabilities, enabling developers to efficiently run local AI models on mobile devices. This can be achieved without the need for extensive expertise in native programming or machine learning.
```
